Week 1: Started the project proposal. I helped write the background paragraphs as well as the user stories. Met in person 
        as a group, setting up the project by following instructions on Moodle (Jira, selecting Scrum Master, forming group etc.). 
        Discussed choices and chose eatery management system. Discussed novel functionality. 

Week 2: Contributed to the system architecture write-up where I created the diagram showing the presentation, 
        business and data layers, as well as providing a description for what each layer contains. Also 
        contributed to creating the storyboard by creating pages for viewing eateries as well as the page
        where users can view eatery profiles. Further revised novel functionality using feedback. Added issues on Jira
        according to user stories. Polished up the proposal as well in the group meeting.

Week 3: Via feedback from the tutorial, revised the background section to include screenshots of problematic
        elements for FirstTable. Also helped revise the user stories to make up 40 in total. As such, revised issues on Jira
        accordingly. With all of these issues revised we were able to submit a more polished project proposal. Also set up 
        some routes in the backend for eatery management. 

Week 4: Regarding the project, I was able to finish up my assigned issues involving the backend for eatery management. This 
        included routes to get details for both eateries and diners (e.g. name, email etc.) as well as routes to edit eatery details.
        In doing so, we were able to better flesh out the necessary details for eateries. During the meeting, we worked on selecting
        objectives for sprint 2 as well as assigning specific issues to group members for sprint 2.

Week 5: Polished up my issues for the project demo, adding a route to edit diner details. Since we were basically done for the first 
        sprint at the end of week 4, the workload for week 5 was quite light. In the lab, we did our project demo and afterwards, we
        decided to do the retrospective as well. We were able to highlight what went well, what didn't, as well as how we could 
        improve going forwards. As a whole, we were in mutual agreement that sprint 1 went very well.

Week 6: Started sprint 2. For me, this involved working on the backend for voucher funtionality. Mainly focused on figuring out all
        the necessary routes needed to accomodate the frontend, including a POST route to create vouchers, a GET route to find 
        information related to a voucher and a PUT route to redeem the voucher as well as a POST route to create recurring vouchers.
        I finished the POST route to create vouchers this week.

Week 7: Revised voucher backend -> previously we wanted to merge obtain and redeem voucher together into one process, but decided
        via group discussion that it would be better to stick with being able to obtain and redeem vouchers. With that cleared up, 
        I was able to implement obtain and redeem voucher, as well as implementing the creation of weekly voucher schedules (backend).
        To implement the latter, I used APScheduler with a cron job to be able to create vouchers on a specific day given the necessary
        parameters. We also had a group meeting where we assigned tasks for sprint 3 and worked on the final project report. Finally, 
        we set a meeting time next week to work on the project report.  

Week 8: Tested the workings of the voucher module with frontend - fixed minor issues accordingly. In the lab, we completed the project
        demo as well as the retrospective. Then on the next day, we had a group meeting where we dicussed how to approach the final 
        project report. I was able to add to the overall architecture portion of the final report in the meeting. We also allocated 
        tasks related to the final presentation, including assigning a group member to be responsible for creating a dump file that
        immediately loaded up multiple eateries to showcase a more lively webpage. 

Week 9: For sprint 3, I completed the backend part for the recommendations functionality. This included adding fields to the diner table
        in the database for tracking tags associated with eateries that the diner enjoyed eating at, as well as tracking which eateries
        the diner has visited previously. In the group meeting, we worked on the user manual - I did parts related to how an eatery user
        would use our website. We also mapped out the user journeys we would present in the final demo, again I was responsible for parts
        related to the eatery user.

Week 10: Since we were essentially finished at this point in terms of the codebase, I was just testing my code and trying to find any last bugs.
         In terms of additional functionality, I created an interval scheduler that could schedule a job to run every minute (takes in a variable
         number of minutes) solely for the purposes of the demo as well as for our tutor to test our code. In the lab, we completed our final 
         demonstration, where I talked about creating vouchers and redeeming vouchers. On the day after, we had our final group meeting where we
         focused on finishing the final report. I completed parts of the functionalities section related to eatery management, voucher management,
         reviews, search filtering and recommendations. Finally, I polished off the setup process on the virtual machine by creating a bash script
         for the backend setup, as well as adding more detailed instructions for the frontend setup. I documented all setup steps in the README
         in the GitHub repository. 
