Work Diary: (z5364296)

Week 1:
- Met group in lab and chose project from sample projects with the group. Assigned scrum master
  (Byron) with other group members and worked with group on the proposal. Held a group meeting on
  Thursday to work more on the proposal, completing parts A and B in the meeting, and creating some
  additional Jira tasks to complete for Sprint 1 such as setup and objective-related tasks, and
  assigning some. Did research into the technologies we plan to use for the project.

Week 2:
- Worked more on the proposal with the group. Completed the proposal in Thursday meeting,
  where we also caught up previously absent group member. Created subtasks for each objective
  we were completing in Sprint 1, and assigned all remaining tasks. Worked on frontend,
  completing and pushing the frontend components for the eatery registration page and the
  eatery menu dashboard. Also created a basic modal component which I plan to use in later tickets.

Week 3:
- Discussed project direction with group, and made improvements to proposal based on tutor feedback.
  Created frontend page for editing eatery profile, which included file inputs, and created basic
  frontend page for viewing eatery profile from diner perspective.

Week 4:
- Improved frontend page for editing eatery profile and connected to backend routes. Added more
  elements to page for viewing eatery profile, and connected to backend route. Added general
  functionality improvements to the frontend such as back buttons on pages, as well as style changes.
  Discussed sprint 2 with teammates and assigned tasks.

Week 5:
- Started work on frontend for menu edit page, discussed backend implementation of menu view and edit
  with teammates.

Week 6:
- Completed frontend components for menu view and edit. Connected components to completed backend routes
  and tested functionality, in addition to making style improvements. Began working on implementing search
  filtering and sorting by implementing eatery tag system and search bar.

Week 7:
- Completed implementation of search filtering, completed implementation of price and ratings sorting. Added
  improvements to component style based on teammate feedback. Discussed sprint 3 with teammates and assigned tasks.
  Started working on final report with teammates.

Week 8:
- Implemented frontend components for recommendation system, planned backend requirements for recommendations and
  loyalty system with teammates. Continued working on final report with teammates.

Week 9:
- Completed frontend implementation of recommendation systems, and connected to backend routes. Implemented frontend
  components for loyalty system, finalised backend requirements with teammate. Fixed frontend bugs relating to input.
  Continued working on final report with teammates.

Week 10:
- Completed loyalty system implementation, finished final report with teammates, helped test application on virtual environment.
