Work Diary: (z5362809)

Week 1:
- Met group in lab and chose project from sample projects with the group. Assigned scrum master
  (me) with other group members and worked with group on the proposal. Held a group meeting on
  Thursday to work more on the proposal, completing parts A and B in the meeting, and creating some
  additional Jira tasks to complete for Sprint 1 such as setup and objective-related tasks, and
  assigning some. Created Bitbucket repository, and worked on setting up React, yarn and framework
  code for the frontend such as Routes.

Week 2:
- Completed team assigning and creating of Github Classroom repository in lab and moved pre-existing
  code from Bitbucket repository to Github. Worked more on the proposal with the group. Completed the
  proposal in Thursday meeting, where we also caught up previously absent group member. Created
  subtasks for each objective we were completing in Sprint 1, and assigned all remaining tasks.
  In remainder of the week, worked on frontend, merging navbar, and pages for login, register
  for diners to main git branch.

Week 3:
- Pushed reset password frontend components (email, code) and logout functionality. During lab, 
  discussed proposal with tutor, who pointed out several issues. Spent remaining time in lab 
  working on fixing proposal. Held group meeting on Thursday to finish the proposal parts b and c.
  Re-submitted the proposal on Thursday. 

Week 4:
- Worked on improving frontend UI and creating the EateryProfileList page so that users can view
  eatery profiles. During the weekly lab, set up backend and began testing frontend/backend. Fixed
  several typos and issues with backend/frontend integration and finished EateryProfileList page.
  On Sunday, held group meeting with 4 members, worked on creating subtasks for Sprint 2 and
  assigned tasks.

Week 5:
- Received feedback from Sprint 1, and held Retrospective 1 meeting during Wednesday lab with group,
  submitting report on same day. Started frontend work on user reviews on Monday and completed it on
  Friday. This included viewing, creating, as well as additional functionality including replying,
  deleting, editing, which required refactoring existing code as well. Also edited and worked on 
  improving the apperance of some frontend components such as the eatery profile.

Week 6:
- Started work on locations / distances. After working on finding an appropriate (free) location API,
  converted existing address fields to autocomplete, using this API. This also allowed me to get the 
  latitude and longitude of eateries from their address. Since existing distance matrix APIs seemed to
  all require either a credit card or were very limited, tasked another group member with backend
  calculations for this using latitude/longitude.

Week 7:
- Reviewed frontend, updating styling for some components. Checked up on group progress for Sprint 2. 
  Worked on the vouchers creation modal and getting it finished to merge. Discussed implementation of vouchers
  in backend. Held group meeting on Saturday with 3 group members (1 absent) to discuss final project
  report, assigning Sprint 3 tasks, and re-assigning remaining voucher tasks to complete before demo.
  Ended up working on voucher frontend over the weekend - Created frontend components for edit diner profile,
  diner dashboard, viewing vouchers available for eateries both in list form and on their profiles, 
  and creating modal to allow users to obtain vouchers.

Week 8:
- Finished rest of voucher functionality on Monday. Edited and added backend routes for fetching/redeeming vouchers,
  added pages to view obtained vouchers as diner and to view vouchers & schedules as eatery. Completed modal to 
  redeem voucher codes by eateries. Added dark mode to frontend. Researched into and added chatbot script (Tidio)
  into the app. Injected chatbot AI with self-created 'FAQ' Q&A to provide answers about the application's features.
  
Week 9:
- Worked to add more to chatbot, raising PR and getting it merged. Worked on adding landing page, and restyling
  components, using different font, adding pagination for fetching eateries.

Week 10:
- Worked to update a significant number of component stylings on frontend (vouchers, loyalty system, colors/fonts, dark mode), adding 
  cursor + scaling hover state. Also fixed ongoing issue breaking most modals, and fixed some input fields. Also prepared
  general structure for demo, and some basic outlines for what to say. After demo, assigned roles to finish off report and had group
  meeting with group members to finish report + codebase manual.